# Imperator Chain Information

Contents

* [Status](#status)
* [Chain Data](#chain-data)

## Status

* Timeline
   * 2022-12-09: Stop time: 2022-12-09T20:00:00.000000Z
   * 2022-12-09: Spawn time: 2022-12-09T15:00:00.000000Z
   * 2022-12-09: Proposal 72 voting period ends
   * 2022-12-06: Proposal 72 goes into the voting period
   * 2022-12-09: Proposal 71 voting period ends
   * 2022-12-06: Proposal 71 goes into the voting period
   * 2022-12-06: Genesis file without CCV state is generated

`imperator` will launch as a consumer chain through a governance proposal in the `provider` chain. Read the [Consumer Chain Start Process](https://github.com/hyphacoop/ics-testnets/blob/main/docs/Consumer-Chain-Start-Process.md) page for more details about the workflow.

The following items will be included in the proposal:
* Genesis file hash
  * The SHA256 is used to verify against the genesis file that the proposer has made available for review.
  * This "fresh" genesis file cannot be used to run the chain: it must be updated with the CCV states after the spawn time is reached.
* Binary hash
* Spawn time
  * Even if the proposal passes, the CCV states will not be available from the provider chain until after the spawn time is reached.

## Chain Data

### Binary

The binary published in this repo is the `imperatord` binary built using the `imperator-co/imperator-core` repo tag [v0.1.0](https://github.com/imperator-co/imperator-core/releases/tag/v0.1.0). You can generate the binary following the [Get Started section](https://github.com/imperator-co/imperator-core/tree/v0.1.0#get-started).

### Verify Binary Checksum.
Binary checksums can differ based on many things to include go, libc, and make versions.

  * [Linux amd64 build](https://github.com/imperator-co/imperator-core/releases/download/v0.1.0/imperatord)
  * Version: `v0.1.0`
  * SHA256: `7458017e54ae29ba084bdbac0fc874bd9baee2559f8796d3930f059c13b29323`

### Genesis file

**The genesis file for Interchain Security consumer chains must include the CCV (Cross Chain Validation) state generated by the provider chain _after_ the spawn time is reached.**

Final genesis file **with CCV state**: **`pending spawn time`**
- SHA256: `pending spawn time`
- Validators must replace their `config/genesis.json` file with this one before running the binary.

The genesis file with was generated using the following settings:

* Chain ID: `imperator-1`
* Denom: `uimp`
* Signed blocks window: `"8640"`
* Genesis file **without CCV state**: [`imperator-fresh-genesis.json`](imperator-fresh-genesis.json), SHA256: `0d18b74660977ad7b7d36001ad89db8883e8e68643dfeac316bf359ee2ebdb48`
  * **This is provided only for verification, this is not the genesis file validators should be running their nodes with.**

## Endpoints

* **p2p persistent peers : `56fc304402b514a1e1ffd4b020617c0fa6425972@65.108.75.237:23210`**
* These peers represent the `imperator-coordinator`validator. We are accepting `250` inbound peeers, but please consider sharing your peers in discord, or create a PR to [`peers.txt`](peers.txt)
* Please keep in mind that any validator that does not come online after 67% of the voting power is up and running, is likely to be slashed for downtime, potentially resulting in being jailed (the `signed_blocks_window` parameter is set to `8640`).

## Join via Bash Script

On the node machine:
- Copy the `node_key.json` and `priv_validator_key.json` files for your validator.
  - **These should be the same ones as the ones from your provider node**.
- Run one of the following scripts:
  - imperator service: [imperator-init.sh](imperator-init.sh)
  - Cosmovisor service: [imperator-init-cv.sh](imperator-init-cv.sh)
- Wait until the spawn time is reached and the genesis file with the CCV states is available.
- Overwrite the genesis file with the one that includes the CCV states.
  - The default location is `$HOME/.imperator/config/genesis.json`.
- Enable and start the service:
  - imperator
    ```
    sudo systemctl enable imperator
    sudo systemctl start imperator
    ```
  - Cosmovisor
    ```
    sudo systemctl enable cv-imperator
    sudo systemctl start cv-imperator
    ```
- To follow the log, use:
  - imperator: `journalctl -fu imperator`
  - Cosmovisor: `journalctl -fu cv-imperator`
- If the log does not show up right away, run `systemctl restart systemd-journald`.
